| Key | Value                           |
| --- |---------------------------------|
| Date: | 26/03/2024                      |
| Time: | 15:45 - 16:30                   |
| Location: | Drebbelweg PC Hall 1 'Backroom' |
| Chair | Giorgos Christofi               |
| Minute Taker | Glafkos Michaelides             |
| Attendees: | Everyone                        |
Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair **(1 min)**
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? **(1 min)**
- Announcements by the team **(1 min)**
- Approval of the agenda & last week's minutes - Does anyone have any additions? **(1 min)**
- Announcements by the TA **(2 min)**
- Talking Points: (Inform/brainstorm/decision-making/discuss) **(*total* 30-35 min)**
     1. Sprint review `[inform]` **(5 min)**
     2. Unresolved GitLab issues from past weeks `[discuss]` **(3 min)**
     3. Updates on websockets and long polling `[inform]` **(3 min)**
     4. Dutch bindings:`[discuss]` **(3 min)**
        - Some Dutch bindings are way too long, can they be replaced with smaller words?
        - There are some placeholder bindings
     5. Checkstyle warnings `[discuss]` **(1 min)**
     6. Which optional features are we going to implement first? `[decision-making]` **(5 min)**
     7. Division of tasks `[discuss]` **(7 min)**
     8. Presentation of the current app to the TA `[inform]` **(5 min)**
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? **(2 min)**
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? **(1 min)**
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? **(1 min)**
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? **(2 min)**
- Closure **(1 min)**